Updated export of icons from Figma (#1839)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/honest-olives-kneel.md

---
"@hashicorp/flight-icons": minor
---

Icons added: accessibility, channel, minus-circle-fill, plus-circle-fill  

> Icons changed: plus-circle

Reviewer: I went ahead and added a line break for you so the text doesn't run together.

Reviewer 2: Thank you!

> Icons added: accessibility, channel, minus-circle-fill, plus-circle-fill  
> Icons changed: plus-circle

Reviewer 3: Updated to align with the [content guidelines](https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/blob/main/wiki/Website-Changelog.md#new-icons) for changelogs.
```suggestion
`accessibility`, `channel`, `minus-circle-fill`, `plus-circle-fill` icons added.
Fixed the size and position of the `plus-circle` icon.
```
